hey what's up everybody this is Pete
Dodd from for your Vita hype calm
looking at more PSP games and breasts on
the Vita this time we are looking at
Castlevania the Dracula's Chronicles
I'm sorry this I just did that I don't
know why I just did that I should go
back and redo it but you know what I'm
gonna punish myself for being so corny
I'm gonna put that on the fucking
Internet because I deserve mockery um so
anyway it's Castlevania I don't really
know I'm what to say about it not that I
mean if you like Castlevania you will
like this the only difference is is that
the graphics as you can see are sort of
2.5 D I don't know that I love the art
style in this game there are certain
things about it that bugged me and when
they wanted when I get to them I will
point them out I think I may just shut
up for a long periods of time though
until something comes up that's worth
saying because really it's if you like
Castlevania you should already own this
game and if you don't fuck it in the bin
so this is where it starts to bug me a
little bit like you can tell that that
that candle right there the one that I
just hit um it's just sort of floating
in mid-air and that bugs me and why is
the staircase here like in two
dimensions you think like it's just the
floor but what's it being the backdrop
being 3d it just doesn't make any sense
it's just a little platform with stairs
up there um so that's that's what bugs
me about the graphics in this game and I
died a couple times in this - it is a
decidedly old-school Castlevania
experience and dying is part of that and
this is this is Castlevania like
Castlevania one stuff not not uh not
Metroidvania as people talk about where
you go sort of searching this is just
old-school platforming difficult fun
but with weird graphics like what does
that exist here's some stairs with a
little tiny platform that's like three
feet wide it would it would look like
from this perspective
so what does the Vita do for this game
not a whole heck of a lot I mean it
looks better obviously
I say that every video and it's true
here the I don't know why I just let
myself dial like that I think I was
trying to do a special but not a special
move but where you throw your cross and
I couldn't figure it out this is part of
the reason why it's cool that it's 2.5
DS because it can show stuff like that
anyway graphics look better but there's
no use for the second stick obviously
and a fucking 2d platformer so but like
I said it's Castlevania you probably
already own it if you love Castlevania
and if you don't go get it it's dope and
while you're at it once you take a look
at that site um I heard that uh
scientists like it